Create Valentines for Vets in Tacoma
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/create-valentines-for-vets-in-tacoma/

Online: drop-in $10 exercise class
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/online-drop-in-10-exercise-class/

Discount on Karate 101: 8-week intro to self-defense skills (new class begins each quarter)
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/discount-on-karate-101-an-8-week-introduction-to-self-defense-skills/

Seattle Waterfront Park light sculptures at Pier 62
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/seattle-waterfront-park-light-sculptures-at-pier-62/

Cupcake Royale inauguration packs available thru January 21
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/cupcake-royale-inauguration-packs-available-thru-january-21/

Tacoma Tool Library fundraiser
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/free-repair-cafes-washington-state/

Visit Woodland Park "WildLanterns" by day and save 30%
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/woodland-park-zoo/

Drive or walk Tacoma Light Trail
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/tacoma-light-trail/

Free egg sandwich (with purchase) at Einstein Bros. Bagels
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/food-deals/

Virtual: Free guided art projects from Bainbridge Island Museum of Art
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/virtual-free-guided-art-projects-from-bainbridge-island-museum-of-art/

Virtual: New Year Mochi Tsuski via Bainbridge Island
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/mochi-tsuski-festival-on-bainbridge-island/

Virtual: Lunar New Year celebration via Bellevue
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/free-lunar-new-year-celebration-bellevue/

Virtual gardening class: how to plan a vegetable garden (free workshop!)
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/virtual-gardening-class-free-workshop-how-to-plan-a-vegetable-garden/

Drop-Off repair events in Everett (appointment required)
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/free-repair-cafes-washington-state/

Major Biden’s Virtual Indoguration Party to benefit Delaware Humane Association
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/major-bidens-virtual-indoguration-party-to-benefit-delaware-humane-association/

Starbucks Meatless Mondays $2 off breakfast sandwiches
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/food-deals/

What’s closed and open on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day 2021
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/holiday-hours/

Martin Luther King Jr Day events 2020
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/seattle-events-martin-luther-king-jr/

Washington State Parks Free Entrance (MLK Jr Day) 
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/washington-state-parks/

Socially distant MLK Jr Day march and rally from Garfield HS in Seattle
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/mlk-march-rally-garfield-hs-westlake-park-seattle/

Virtual + Drive-thru MLK Day Experience via Northwest African American Museum
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/martin-luther-king-jr-day-at-northwest-african-american-museum/

Christmas Lights nightly in Leavenworth thru Feb 14 (live and virtual)
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/festivals-leavenworth-washington/

Live stream: The Magic Hat - an evening of storytelling, songs, and jokes
https://www.greaterseattleonthecheap.com/event/live-stream-the-magic-hat-an-evening-of-storytelling-songs-and-jokes/